Update Remnant Cognizance 28 (#7591)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 2 cognizance.txt

	on offer
		set "remnant: dusk busy"
		conversation

> 			`Your commlink springs to life as you enter final approach to Caelian, revealing Torza in a flurry of motion. He focuses momentarily on the camera. "Captain <first>, and flying a ship with a substantial lifting capacity, excellent! The Korath have discovered one of our forward operating bases, and we need help evacuating it now. It is located on Baianus in the Parca system. There are 20 people and 280 tons of equipment to retrieve. The Korath have set up a blockade, so you will need something reasonably fast to get through it. You can fight them or not, as you wish, but the primary task is evacuating the outpost. Embers speed your flight, Captain."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Your commlink springs to life as you enter final approach to Caelian, revealing Torza in a flurry of motion. He focuses momentarily on the camera. "Captain <first>, and flying a ship with a substantial lifting capacity, excellent! The Korath have discovered one of our forward operating bases, and we need help evacuating it now. It is located on Baianus in the Parca system. There are 20 people and 280 cubic meters of equipment to retrieve. The Korath have set up a blockade, so you will need something reasonably fast to get through it. You can fight them or not, as you wish, but the primary task is evacuating the outpost. Embers speed your flight, Captain."`
```

As previously mentioned, I would prefer to leave the dialog mention of cubic meters in place.
